Document how to retrieve artifacts (#146)
cirruslabs/tart: README.md

**Note:** Cirrus CI only allows [images managed and regularly updated by us](https://github.com/orgs/cirruslabs/packages?tab=packages&q=macos).

### Retrieving artifacts from within Tart VMs

In many cases there is a need to retrieve particular files or a folder from within a Tart virtual machine.
For example, the below `.cirrus.yml` configuration defines a single task that builds a `tart` binary and
exposes it via [`artifacts` instruction](https://cirrus-ci.org/guide/writing-tasks/#artifacts-instruction):

```yaml
task:
  name: Build
  macos_instance:
    image: ghcr.io/cirruslabs/macos-monterey-xcode:latest
  build_script: swift build --product tart
  binary_artifacts:
    path: .build/debug/tart
```

> Running Cirrus CLI with `--artifacts-dir` will retrieve defined `artifacts` to the passed local directory on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Cirrus CLI with `--artifacts-dir` will write defined `artifacts` to the provided local directory on the host:
```
